Update eng org pages (#2913)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/engineering-management.md

- [Turn the Ship Around](https://www.amazon.com/Turn-Ship-Around-Turning-Followers/dp/1591846404/) - An inspiring story of how Navy captain David Marquet turned the lowest performing submarine in the Navy into the top performing one with his bottom's up leadership style.
- [Orbiting the Giant Hairball](https://www.amazon.com/Orbiting-Giant-Hairball-Corporate-Surviving/dp/0670879835/) - An entertaining self-account of Gordon MacKenzie's experience fostering creativity on his team at Hallmark Cards. Buy the hard copy. There are lots of fun illustrations and short stories. It is a quick read and probably unlike any other book you have read.
- [Radical Candor](https://www.radicalcandor.com/the-book/) - How to be a great leader by caring personally and challenging directly.
- [An Elegant Puzzle](https://lethain.com/elegant-puzzle/) - A field manual on how to do engineering management. Reads like a well structured markdown file.
- [The Five Dysfunctions of a Team](https://www.amazon.com/Five-Dysfunctions-Team-Leadership-Fable/dp/0787960756) - A model of how to think about what makes a highly effective team paired with a fictional story that illustrates the model.

> - A few members of the engineering management team will be reading [The Leader’s Guide to Unconscious Bias](https://www.amazon.com/Leaders-Guide-Unconscious-Bias-High-Performing/dp/1982144319) and doing some [facilitated small group discussions](../ce/support-values-enablement#part-2-deep-dive-on-be-welcoming-and-inclusive). This is like a small scale beta test of [one step of our plan to invest in diversity, equity, and inclusion this year](../communication/dei.md#unconscious-bias). The tentative plan for the first cohort (can be adjusted based on availability of the actual people in the first cohort) would be:

Author: ```suggestion
- A few members of the engineering management team will be reading [The Leader’s Guide to Unconscious Bias](https://www.amazon.com/Leaders-Guide-Unconscious-Bias-High-Performing/dp/1982144319) and doing some [facilitated small group discussions](../ce/support-values-enablement.md#part-2-deep-dive-on-be-welcoming-and-inclusive). This is like a small scale beta test of [one step of our plan to invest in diversity, equity, and inclusion this year](../communication/dei.md#unconscious-bias). The tentative plan for the first cohort (can be adjusted based on availability of the actual people in the first cohort) would be:
```

> - A few members of the engineering management team will be reading [The Leader’s Guide to Unconscious Bias](https://www.amazon.com/Leaders-Guide-Unconscious-Bias-High-Performing/dp/1982144319) and doing some [facilitated small group discussions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g1vLGif0WkFiXtRrGzFZx6JP2vb0PPSrJ5yxZG_AWSw/edit). This is like a small scale beta test of [one step of our plan to invest in diversity, equity, and inclusion this year](../communication/dei.md#unconscious-bias). The tentative plan for the first cohort (can be adjusted based on availability of the actual people in the first cohort) would be:

Author: ```suggestion
- A few members of the engineering management team will be reading [The Leader’s Guide to Unconscious Bias](https://www.amazon.com/Leaders-Guide-Unconscious-Bias-High-Performing/dp/1982144319) and doing some [facilitated small group discussions](../ce/support-values-enablement#part-2-deep-dive-on-be-welcoming-and-inclusive). This is like a small scale beta test of [one step of our plan to invest in diversity, equity, and inclusion this year](../communication/dei.md#unconscious-bias). The tentative plan for the first cohort (can be adjusted based on availability of the actual people in the first cohort) would be:
```
